# FPGA_Synthesizer

We are proposing to build a digital synthesizer to play different kinds of music. This takes inputs from a series of potentiometers for different settings and then plays different sounds when one of eighteen buttons (keys) are pressed. 

Specs:
  MCU communicates with 8 bit in-out expander with serial interface MCP23008
  MCU reads values from potentiometers 
  3 potentiometers with different functions = proficiency 
  5 potentiometers with different functions = mastery
  MCU sends analog values to a speaker
  FPGA implements signal filtering
  FPGA implements envelope generation
  FPGA implements modulation 
  (amplitude = proficiency, frequency = excellence)

  The FPGA will take care of the digital signal processing algorithms, applying the filtering, envelope generation, and modulation to the notes generated by key presses. This is the meat of the project and where most of the work will likely take place. This includes the riskiest part of the project, doing frequency modulation on the fpga. We are not sure what this might entail but seems complicated as of now so could potentially give us the most trouble.
  
  The MCU will handle all the communications to peripherals. It will read in values from button presses through an I2C in out expander along with potentiometers and a speaker or amplifier connected to a speaker. This will be a simpler part of the project but we ideally will be able to keep adding on peripherals for more functionality. The MCU also communicates with new hardware in the MCP23008. 
